Okay, first thing first, open the engine
and go to games and rename the project
landscape that means landscape.
Uh to create this sample landscape
environment we have to first of all we
have to go to the file create new
level when I show empty level and now
after that we have to create landscape
from the landscape mode like
this mode
landscape hit create there is no light
we have to set up the lighting to do
that we have to go to the
window environment of light
mix right create directional light
atmosphere for cloud height
fog after doing all of this sample
tricks now let's move
here and add speed for the camera and go
up let's make a sample deformation
This is a simple
tutorial.
Okay, that's
fine. Okay. Uh, let's
use some assets from the card
marketplace. Go to the
top and search for
MW auto
landscape. I want to use two material
for this tutorial.
as possible add to my
project 5.5 for me is
546 56 it's not this one I have to
exting
let's go to the company brow like this
and go to material and choose
bl this let's test all of this you can
do that I have to go to selection
mode
and like select this one and keep this
selected go down then skip
material once it's selected select this
one and press this button
Dr. Magic right
now the material this material seems
automatic. Okay, we have another thing.
You can customize this material by going
doing this. We go
here for the water. There is no
water. Dirt and grass. Let's choose the
grass.
Okay. Open all of those.
here. Let's
see. It's not happening because we have
not a
grass grass material is not
exist. Okay.
If now want to change this color, this
the place of the
grass but the grass is not exist. Okay,
let's delete this
one. When I
activate this one, use the grass
advance. Let's prepare
proced. Let's see. There is no grass.
Okay, normalize
grass. Now, let's go to the
dirt grass U
multiplier. Okay, when you have grass
material, it's added right here. Can
customize this one.
can add rockets, landscape variation and
other things. Okay, this the first
material. Hit
save. Now let's test the second one.
Okay. Uh fine, fine. We have some grass
right
there.
Okay, we have done with this one. We can
add the grass. The grass material there
is right
there. It's not showing. And because of
this, we can't
this. Okay. Grass. There is a lot of
grass in this desert
landscape. Okay. Let's add some
trees. For the second one is the same
one. It's Iceland. And we have mountain.
We have snow mount. Okay. I want uh to
test this one
only. Now let's add some u f trees. Go
to
fab. I can download this
one. These
trees I want to choose. uh this type of
trees add to my
project to the
version.
Okay, it's downloading right
now. Okay, fine. The downloading is
finished. Uh this is my trees. Where is
it? Let me go to the
content. Okay, post trees.
We have some message. We have to go here
to the filter and choose
custom
message to go here to the folders.
right there. Going to
choose
part. Choose one of those trees. Let's
choose this
one. And another
one. Another one. Other. Okay. And
finally this
one. Okay.
Uh make sure to
untick tick one on
the want to choose
this. We have a problem on the
phone. Okay. problem is the
radius density like there and fix this
problem. Okay, let's undo this one by
pressing Ctrl
Z. Okay, select first one for
example. This one is density to one. Now
we have to go here to the painting.
set it
to those values the mix piece between
them and make the density like
this. Make some
trees. Okay. The problem there is
another problem. You have no trees like
this. You have to add this other normal
normal fix this one by and
normal deactivate
this. Now let's add the second
[Music]
one. Okay, there is problem like
this. All right.
Okay. The same value
added. Okay. Now it's
fine. Okay. You can adjust the values
from this to add the distance between
trees. Okay. Thank you guys for
watching. This is all for this tutorial.
You can customize those value. You can
add the polish.
Subscribe to the channel for more tuto
like this.